[Q1] - What *thou shalt* values do you notice in your life? Which ones do you accept and live by?
[Ans1] - I have been exposed to the teachings of Swami Vivekananda and the Upanishads, from early childhood. The school of thought is known as Advaith Vedanta. As per this philosophy, Divinity is the subjective substratum of all of the existence. One if meditates on his body, then his breath, thoughts and continues to observe his subtler aspects of existence, he gets an experience of himself being that Divine witness consciousness.

The philosophy further elaborates the process of purifying the mind that makes one ready to experience one's oneness with that Divine witness consciousness. Selfless service is a major tenet that is described as an enabler of this purification. This is what I have learnt out of my own pursuits towards this knowledge, my own daily practices of yoga and meditation. This is my "camel" self.

As a part of the dragon self, I am faced with the pressure from my family, peers, society and friends to lead a materialistic life. A life that is engaged into earning more money, power, hedonishm, network, success - being in the rat race. That is my "those shalt". Any selfless service, or devotion to God is looked down upon and mocked by this community on an average, deeply influenced by consumerism.

Whereas, I live by those aspects that are necessary to keep my family happy, healthy and take care of their daily needs, I shun away from people, company and situation which are in the greed and hedonistic mode. I live the life of a minimalist, and live a Vedantic life at work and at home. Living a family life and not being a renunciate monk is something that I have accepted and I live by. That is my middle path.

[Q2] - Which ones, if any, do you (or did you) choose to slay like the lion?
[Ans2] - I choose to slay like a lion the hedonism, and selfish pursuits that modern man engages in. I have chosen to slay my selfish desires, as I know that is at root of the following sufferings - lust, anger, attachment, arrogance, and envy. I slay these aspects of being human. I do that because I have learnt from my past experiennce how futile it is to live in this never ending trap of daily maladies of selfish desires.

[Q2] - Which of your values are ones that have been born anew, like the baby?
[Ans2] - Being able to do the following is my born again value - my baby aspect -
1. Understsand the traditionalist view of the Advaith Vedanta (camel)
2. Earnestly fight the dark side of the propensities of the dragon. Slay the dragon (lion)
2. Apply the ancient knowledge in the current world and life. Realise God in the contemporary world doing my duties and carry out my responsibilities. And help others who would like to realise God in this audacious journey. (baby)
